#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
CSC 485A - Asignment 3
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Richard B.
 Wagner (V00767821)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
2015-07-10
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Policy of Autonomic Element
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The autonomic manager here manages a simulation of job scheduling using
 a RESTful aproach
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Describe the managed resource: the model, properties, sensors, and effectors.
 Note: for the managed resource you may choose to implement a simple web
 server, web crawler, or background service.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The recourses being managed are ultimately the computers CPU and time.
 However, it is somewhat difficult to allocate exact amounts of CPU so the
 next best thing to do is to queue jobs for the computer to calculate and
 manage the amount of time they are calculated and the priority they have
 in the queue.
 In other-words, the idea is to keep the computer busy but not busy enough
 for a noticeable difference in performance for users.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Describe a policy for an autonomic element to govern the chosen managed
 resource.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Describe a four-stage autonomic manager (monitoring, analysis, planning,
 and execution) to realize this policy.
 Specify the information to be stored in the knowledge base if any.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Monitoring
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The monitor for the job scheduler is the web-server socket listener.
 Inherently, whenever the server receives a request in this scenario, it
 is a request for the server to update its state.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Analysis
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When the server recieves a request, that request will have some priority
 and the jobs in
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Planning
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Execution
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Group Report
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
csc485A-Richard-Wagner-V00767821
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
